Conversation Features
Here are some of the high-level features of the NWN dialog system.

Conversation is a separate game state.
Conversation pauses the game world.
The NPC's speech is rendered as text.
The player is presented with a choice of replies.
Some replies may be hidden depending on certain conditions.
Choosing a reply may alter the game's state.
Conversations can contain loops.
To exit the conversation the player must choose a special reply that may not always be available.

A reply being available may depend on several factors; the class of the player, 
the previous choices in a conversation, player intelligence or charisma, how far the player has proceeded
 in a certain quest and so on.

 Graph to represent conversations 

http://howtomakeanrpg.com/a/rpg-conversation-never-winter-nights.html
 A diagram showing the structure of Never Winter Nights dialog tree.

                                           --> reply node 1 --> dialogue node  1a
Condition requirment ---> dialogue node 1  
                                           --> reply node 2 --> dialogue node  1b

Two types of nodes : dialogue ,and response. Response nodes may only be children of
dialogue nodes . Dialogue nodes can be childs of other dialogue nodes

Dialogue node is evaluated , when its shown it's displayed in the "NPC dialogue panel",
it's children are then evaluated in order and put into the "response pannel"
If the children or child are dialogue nodes then , press space to continue prompt is
put onto the screen 

Options :
-> Have the conversation automatically carry on when the talker finishes talking 
-> Have the player actively have to press space to continue the conversation 
            
If a node contains an exit tag then when the dialogue ends the conversation will end 

-> If multiple dialogue nodes could use a queue in order to process and show them in order 

Graph:

Node types -> root, dialogue and response

for all:
    type : str
    conditon : str or pointer to something 
    children : list[]

dialogue/ response:
    text 

dialogue:
    audio 

Can be other special condtions such as Exit
  
